欧盟 01 - 海狮与翠鸟
地点：英国，朴茨茅斯
苏维埃的铁蹄已经践踏了整个欧洲大陆，不列颠也许是整个自由世界最后的希望。警报终于在整个大不列颠上空鸣响。我们知道他们会来，但没想到来得这么快。
我们的最后堡垒——伦敦要塞需要更多的时间来准备，你负责把进攻的苏军拖在朴茨茅斯港。
任务目标一：至少保留一座建造厂，直到伦敦要塞准备完毕。
任务目标二：继续战斗，直到流尽最后一滴血。

EU 01 - Sealion vs Kingfisher
Location: Portsmouth, Britian
The iron heel of the Soviet Union has trampled on the entire European continent, and Britain may be the last hope of the entire free world. Sirens finally sounded across Great Britain. We knew they were coming, but we didn't expect them to come so quickly.
Our last fortress, London Fortress, needs more time to prepare. You are responsible for delaying the attacking Soviet army in Portsmouth Harbor.
Objective 1: Keep at least one construction yard until the London Fortress is ready.
Objective 2: Continue fighting until the last drop of blood.

欧盟 02 - 完美假日
地点：法国，嘎纳
我们在朴茨茅斯的防御行动使苏联不得不暂时放弃进攻英国的计划。为此我们得到了喘息的机会，并可以趁机反攻欧洲大陆。
据可靠消息，苏联的罗曼诺夫总理正在法国嘎纳度假。如果我们能够劫持他，说不定能起到事半功倍的效果。
任务目标一：潜入并劫持罗曼诺夫。
任务目标二：摧毁控制罗曼诺夫的心灵信标。
任务目标三：让罗曼诺夫总理登上直升机并撤离。
任务目标四：消灭嘎纳的全部敌对势力。
提示：虽然苏联人对我们抱有敌意，但是他们不会攻击自己的总理。

EU 02 - Perfect Holiday
Location: Cannes, France
Our defensive operations at Portsmouth forced the Soviet Union to temporarily abandon its plan to attack Britain. This bought us some time, and we can take the opportunity to counterattack the European continent.
According to reliable sources, Soviet Prime Minister Romanov is on vacation in Cannes, France. If we could kidnap him, we might be able to get twice the result with half the effort.
Objective 1: Infiltrate and kidnap Romanov.
Objective 2: Destroy the psychic beacon controlling Romanov.
Objective 3: Let Prime Minister Romanov board the helicopter and evacuate.
Objective 4: Destroy all hostile forces in Cannes.
Hint: Although the Soviets are hostile to us, they will not attack their own Prime Minister.

欧盟 03 - 政治家行动
地点：埃及，塞得港
幕后黑手已经十分明确，是有心灵控制超能力的尤里在背后操纵着一切。这个野心家先是蒙骗了苏联人，又踏平了美国，现在又试图占据整个欧洲。
根据罗曼诺夫提供的情报，尤里正在把一批研制成功的基因武器从苏伊士运河转运到地中海，进而送进欧洲。我们绝不能允许这种灾难性的事情发生。可是我们在北非没有任何成型的军事力量。一切只能靠盟军最好的特工——谭雅了。
任务目标一：摧毁威胁谭雅的基因突变器。
任务目标二：击沉塞得港内剩余的货轮。
任务目标三：不能让任何一艘货轮离开塞得港。
任务目标四：谭雅不能阵亡。

EU 03 - Code: Statesman
Location: Port Said, Egypt
The mastermind behind the scenes has been very clear. Yuri, who has the power of mind control, is manipulating everything behind the scenes. This careerist first deceived the Soviets, then flattened the United States, and now he is trying to occupy the entire Europe.
According to the information provided by Romanov, Yuri is transporting a batch of genetic weapons from the Suez Canal to the Mediterranean and then into Europe. We must not allow this catastrophe to happen. But we do not have any established military power in North Africa. Everything can only rely on the Allies' best agent - Tanya.
Objective 1: Destroy the genetic mutator that threatens Tanya.
Objective 2: Sink the remaining freighters in Port Said.
Objective 3: Ensure no cargo ship leave Port Said.
Objective 4: Keep Tanya alive.

欧盟 04 - 天际线
地点：埃及，吉萨
我们在塞得港的成功行动可以使我们在北非进行更加冒险的计划，比如说，拯救一种可能扭转战争局势的秘密武器。
盟军北非军团已经被心灵信标控制。位于吉萨的起源科技实验室在检测到了心灵波影响后开启了自毁程序。我们的突击小队如果能及时赶到阻止它的自毁，就能重新启用起源科技实验室中的秘密武器。
任务目标一：护送基地车靠近实验室，解除其自毁指令。
任务目标二：不能让任何一个尤里部队靠近实验室。
任务目标三：消灭所有尤里在吉萨的部队。

EU 04 - Skyline
Location: Giza, Egypt
Our successful operation in Port Said could lead to more adventurous plans in North Africa, such as recovering a secret weapon that might turn the tide of the war.
The Allied North African Army has been controlled by the psychic beacon. The Origin Technology Laboratory in Giza started the self-destruction process after detecting the psychic waves. If our strike team can arrive in time to prevent its self-destruction, we can reactivate the secret weapon in the Origin Technology Laboratory.
Objective 1: Escort the MCV close to the laboratory and clear its self-destruct command.
Objective 2: Don't let any Yuri troops get close to the laboratory.
Objective 3: Destroy all Yuri's troops in Giza.

欧盟 05 - 和平主义
地点：比利时，布鲁塞尔
尤里的部队已经撤出北非，我们可以以北非为基地反攻欧洲。
我们已经重新启用布鲁塞尔的军事基地，然而尤里在这里部署了核武器，这对我们造成了极大威胁。
任务目标一：在核攻击中保护原子球。
任务目标二：解除布鲁塞尔的核威胁。
提示：你可能需要使用力场护盾来在核弹之下保护原子球。

EU 05 - Nuclear Pacifism
Location: Brussels, Belgium
Yuri's troops have withdrawn from North Africa, and we can use North Africa as a base to counterattack Europe. 
We have reactivated the military base in Brussels, but Yuri has deployed nuclear weapons here, which poses a great threat to us.
Objective 1: Protect the Atomium from nuclear attack. 
Objective 2: Eliminate the nuclear threat in Brussels.
Hint: You may need to use force shield to protect the Atomium from nuclear missiles.

欧盟 06 - 冻洋
地点：北海
尤里已经控制整个欧洲大陆。欧洲联盟军被迫撤到海上。
通过对布鲁塞尔心灵信标所发出信号的分析，我们已经确定了整个欧洲的心灵控制网络的中枢在敖德萨。如果有超时空传送器的话，我们就可以立即对那里发动突袭了。
所以，我们需要一座超时空传送器。
任务目标一：寻找合适的登陆地点。
任务目标二：建立并保护超时空传送器。
任务目标三：解除周围海军基地的造成的威胁。

EU 06 - Frozen Ocean
Location: the North Sea
Yuri has taken control of the entire European continent. The European Allied forces were forced to withdraw to the sea. 
Through analysis of the signals sent by the Brussels psychic beacon, we have determined that the center of the entire European psychic control network is in Odessa. If there is a Chronosphere, we can launch an attack there immediately. 
So, we need a Chronosphere.
Objective 1: Find a suitable landing place. 
Objective 2: Build and protect the Chronosphere. 
Objective 3: Eliminate the threat posed by the surrounding naval bases.

欧盟 Ex - 维京火祭
地点：北大西洋，法罗群岛
通过对布鲁塞尔心灵信标的分析，我们发现北大西洋还有一座心灵信标与之连接。
我们需要渗透那座心灵信标，以确定覆盖全欧洲的心灵控制网络的中枢位置。
任务目标一：原地待命并保护直升机。
任务目标二：用间谍渗透心灵信标。
任务目标三：摧毁心灵信标。

欧盟 07 - 铜墙铁幕（上）
地点：乌克兰，敖德萨
我们终于来到了敖德萨。在这里，被心灵控制的苏联铁幕项目负责人林德拉克正在研制最新的科技。
我们虽然不知道那种科技是什么，但是我们必须把它弄到手，因为它不论落到谁手中，都可能是最后的王牌。
任务目标一：占领并保护四座铁幕装置。
任务目标二：在心灵控制增幅器启动前，摧毁它。
任务目标三：苏联建造厂不能被摧毁。

EU 07 - Iron Bastion (Part A)
Location: Odessa, Ukraine
We finally arrived in Odessa. Here, the mind-controlled Soviet Iron Curtain project leader Rynderack is developing the latest technology. 
Although we don't know what that technology is, we must get it, because no matter who it falls into, it may be the final trump card.
Objective 1: Capture and protect the four Iron Curtain Device. 
Objective 2: Destroy the Psychic Amplifier before it is activated. 
Objective 3: The Soviet construction yard cannot be destroyed.

苏联 08 - 铜墙铁幕（下）
地点：乌克兰，敖德萨
在欧洲盟友的帮助下，在敖德萨进行铁幕科技研究的苏军部队脱离了尤里的心灵控制。但是，尤里的镇压部队正在赶来。虽然罗曼诺夫已经前往黑海重新召集舰队，敖德萨仍然处于危险的包围之中。
林德拉克决定，先测试手头的铁幕武器。实战就是最好的测试，对吧？
任务目标一：保护四座铁幕装置。不能损失任何一座。
任务目标二：消灭被心灵控制的欧洲联盟友军。

USSR 08 - Iron Bastion (Part B)
Location: Odessa, Ukraine
With the help of European allies, Soviet troops conducting Iron Curtain technology research in Odessa escaped Yuri's mind control. However, Yuri's suppression troops are arriving. Although Romanov had moved to the Black Sea to regroup his fleet, Odessa remained dangerously sieged. 
Rynderack decided to test the Iron Curtain weapons at hand first. Actual combat is the best test, right? 
Objective 1: Protect the four Iron Curtain Devices. No one can be lost. 
Objective 2: Destroy the mind-controllerd European Union forces.

苏联 09 - 拜占庭商人
地点：土耳其，伊斯坦布尔
由于心灵控制器的影响，敖德萨不宜久留。林德拉克已经带领全部还没有被控制的苏军部队撤出敖德萨。
至于下一步去哪里，情况是显然的：苏军的黑海舰队将全军攻击土耳其的伊斯坦布尔要塞。在这里，也许能找到下一步该怎么做的答案。
任务目标一：等待黑海舰队在博斯普鲁斯海峡集结。
任务目标二：清除超时空传送器周围的卫队。
任务目标三：林德拉克不能阵亡。

USSR 09 - Byzantine Trader
Location: Istanbul, Turkey
Due to the influence of the psychic controller, it is not advisable to stay in Odessa for long. Rynderack had led all Soviet troops that had not yet been controlled to withdraw from Odessa. 
As for where to go next, the situation is obvious: the Soviet Black Sea Fleet will attack the Turkish Istanbul Fortress with all its forces. Here, you may find the answer to what to do next.
Objective 1: Wait for the Black Sea Fleet to assemble in the Bosporus. 
Objective 2: Clear the guards around the Chronosphere. 
Objective 3: Keep Rynderack alive.

苏联 Ex - 喧闹的春天
地点：捷克斯洛伐克，布拉格
通过对敖德萨心灵信标的分析，我们检测到有一座心灵控制器在布拉格。一些欧盟部队正被这座心灵控制器控制着。
如果我们能解救他们，我们就能利用他们手中的超时空传送技术直接突袭莫斯科。
我们在布拉格没有多少部队，但我们可以让刚刚改进完的铁幕武器小试一下牛刀。
任务目标一：护送基洛夫空艇炸毁心灵控制器。

苏联 10 - 冰点
地点：苏联，莫斯科
是时候再进行一次红色革命了，指挥官。
人民的叛徒，那个欺骗了所有人的叛徒——尤里，正躲藏在克里姆林宫中，让我们看看他还能在这个位子上坐多久吧！
任务目标一：占领克里姆林宫。
提示：在本战役中，你可以建造并使用4座铁幕装置。

USSR 10 - Cold Pole
Location: Moscow, USSR
It's time for another Red Revolution, Commander. 
The traitor of the people, the traitor who deceived everyone, Yuri, is hiding in the Kremlin. Let's see how long he can sit in this seat! 
Objective 1: Capture the Kremlin. 
Hint: In this campaign, you may build and use up to 4 Iron Curtain devices.

苏联 11 - 太阳鸟
地点：中国，哈尔滨
尤里从克里姆林宫逃走了，我们不知道他去了哪里，但是一定不会去欧洲，那里到处都是我们的朋友。所以我们推测尤里可能逃往远东，或者亚洲。
正好，我们接到来自中国的特工——天枢的紧急情况报告：他发现哈尔滨有一座心灵信标。我们有必要去看一看那里是什么情况。
任务目标一：破坏太阳岛上的心灵信标。
任务目标二：使用天枢骇入心灵控制器。
任务目标三：天枢不能阵亡。
提示：天枢可以使用静滞射线使敌人车辆寸步难行，或者近距离骇入敌方建筑使其为我们所用。

USSR 11 - the Phoenix
Location: Harbin, China
Yuri escaped from the Kremlin. We don’t know where he went, but he certainly didn’t go to Europe, where our friends are everywhere. So we speculate that Yuri may have fled to the Far East, or Asia.
Just in time, we received an emergency report from Tianshu, an agent from China: He discovered a psychic beacon in Harbin. We need to go and see what's going on there.
Objective 1: Destroy the psychic beacon on Sun Island.
Objective 2: Use Tianshu to hack into the Psychic Dominator.
Objective 3: Keep Tianshu alive.
Hint: Tianshu can use immobilizing ray to make enemy vehicles unable to move, or hack into enemy buildings at close range to make them available to us.

苏联 12 - 樱之陨落
地点：日本，东京
天枢骇入了哈尔滨的心灵控制器，追查到心灵控制器的后台控制程序在东京。我们推测尤里就躲藏在这里。
东京港戒备森严，以我们目前的军力去贸然进攻并不是很稳妥。但是，如果我们能把东京塔变成一座巨大的磁暴线圈的话……
任务目标一：使用磁暴步兵磁化东京塔。
任务目标二：在指定地点建立基地。
任务目标三：消灭东京湾的所有敌人。
提示：东京塔必须时刻有磁暴步兵为其充能，才会发挥作用。

USSR 12 - Blossom Crisis
Location: Tokyo, Japan
Tianshu hacked into Harbin's Psychic Dominator and traced the backend control program to Tokyo. We speculate that Yuri is hiding here.
Tokyo Port is heavily guarded, and it is not very safe to attack rashly with our current military strength. But what if we could turn Tokyo Tower into a giant Tesla coil...
Objective 1: Use Tesla Troopers to magnetize Tokyo Tower.
Objective 2: Establish a base at the designated location.
Objective 3: Destroy all enemies in Tokyo Bay.
Hint: Tokyo Tower must be charged by Tesla Troopers at all times in order to be effective.

苏联 13 - 天问
地点：中国，西昌卫星发射中心
我们被骗了！尤里已经通过东京的超时空传送器逃离，此时尤里已经从中国西昌乘坐登月火箭逃往月球。在西昌卫星发射中心，还有更多的登月火箭等待发射，准备向月球输送更多的武器与科技。还好天枢的情报网络发现了尤里诡计的端倪。
林德拉克和天枢这次会并肩作战，一同阻止尤里那疯狂的计划。
任务目标一：不能让任何一座登月火箭发射。
任务目标二：至少夺取一座火箭发射台。
任务目标三：林德拉克和天枢必须存活。
提示：摧毁、使用工程师占领、或者使用天枢骇入火箭发射台，都会阻止火箭的发射。
提示：需要至少使用工程师占领或者使用天枢骇入一座火箭发射台，并保护它直到任务完成。

USSR 13 - Tilai
Location: Xichang Satellite Center, China
We were deceived!! Yuri had escaped through Tokyo's Chronosphere, and at this time Yuri had escaped to the moon on a lunar landing rocket from Xichang, China. At the Xichang Satellite Launch Center, there are more moon landing rockets waiting to be launched, preparing to deliver more weapons and technology to the moon. Fortunately, Tianshu's intelligence network discovered the clues to Yuri's conspiracy.
Rynderack and Tianshu will fight side by side this time to stop Yuri's crazy plan.
Objective 1: No moon landing rocket can be launched.
Objective 2: Capture at least one rocket launch pad.
Objective 3: Rynderack and Tianshu must survive.
Hint: Destroying, occupying with Engineers, or using Tianshu to hack into the rocket launch pad will prevent the launch of rockets.
Hint: You need to capture with engineer or use Tianshu to hack at least one rocket launch pad and protect it until the mission is completed.

苏联 14 - 时间之握
地点：月球，风暴洋
终于来到最后的战场了。尤里在月球的防御非常坚固，完全是末日避难所等级的，我们不能掉以轻心。另外我们还在这里发现了在起源科技实验室中曾经提到的时间科技，不知尤里是从哪里搞到的它……但是这一切都快结束了！夺回这项科技，让叛徒得到应有的归宿吧！
任务目标一：寻找合适的位置以传送基地车。
任务目标二：占领时间机器。
任务目标三：保护时间机器，直到时间轴纠正。

USSR 14 - Master Time
Location: Oceanus Procellarum, the moon
Finally, we arrived at the last battlefield. Yuri's defense on the moon is very strong, completely at the level of a doomsday shelter. We cannot take it lightly. In addition, we also found the time technology mentioned in the Origin Technology Laboratory here. I don’t know where Yuri got it... but it’s all almost over! Take back this technology and let the traitors get their due!
Objective 1: Find a suitable location to teleport the MCV.
Objective 2: Capture the time machine.
Objective 3: Protect the time machine until the timeline is corrected.

